Change package name and improve README. (#2)
toitware/toit-1-wire: README.md

# 1-wire

Implementation of the 1-Wire protocol.

> This package is primarily useful for other drivers so they can communicate to sensors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This package is primarily useful for other drivers so they can communicate with sensors.
```

For example the [ds18b20](https://github.com/toitware/toit-ds18b20) driver uses this
package.

## Implementation

> In order to achieve the required precise timings, the implementation off-loads the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to achieve the required precise timings, the implementation offloads the
```
